README.md, before:

# MenuBuilder_SupGameBox

## *Caution: This readme is not refined yet! Some of the instructions might be unclear!*

## Custom menu builder for Sup Game Box 400-in-1. Requires actual ROM image!

To successfully build the menu, you need to get some knowledge on how the unit works etc: [article](https://nyh-workshop.github.io/Custom-ROM-Sup-Game-Box-400in1/).

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5a8df030-2f2d-4d86-8eb2-b139600e546e)

### You also need these:
- [CC65](https://cc65.github.io/) installed and path set.
- Getting this [template menu](https://github.com/nyh-workshop/CustomMenu_Sup400in1).
- (For Manual Entry only!) The [OneBusCalc](https://github.com/nyh-workshop/OneBusCalc) to calculate the OneBus registers for the system to jump to the appropriate address.
- and finally, this app.

### Directions for Automatic Entry (currently only Mapper 0 games supported):
- Run this menu builder app. Supply the template menu folder link into the "Build Folder".
- Add NES games (**only Mapper 0 games supported now on automatic entry!**) inside by pressing **Add Item**. You can move items up and down in the list!
- Just click on "Auto Populate OneBus" to automatically calculate the CHR, PRG addresses and the OneBus registers! No need to do other things!
- Finally, press "Compile". When it is successful, go to the cmd and run "make". The make will compile the menu, and combine the apps into the main binary.
- Run this output_final.bin with an emulator such as EmuVT 1.36.
- You can save the games list into the **CSV file**, or you can load them too!

### Directions For Manual Entry:
- Run this menu builder app. Supply the template menu folder link into the "Build Folder".
- Add NES games (**only Mapper 0 and MMC3 games supported now!**) inside by pressing **Add Item**. You can move items up and down in the list! 
- With your OneBusCalc, determine the start PRG and CHR addresses. Make sure it is from **0x90000 onwards** because 0x80000-0x8FFFF is the custom menu code!
- Also, with the OneBusCalc, adjust the values of these "PRG and CHR Registers" accordingly. Once you are satisfied with it, click on "Generate Code".
- From the OneBusCalc, after "Generate Code", copy and paste the bottom output **without the square brackets** into the Menu Builder's "Config OneBus" entry box.
- Finally, press "Compile". When it is successful, go to the cmd and run "make". The make will compile the menu, and combine the apps into the main binary.
- Run this output_final.bin with an emulator such as EmuVT 1.36.
- You can save the games list into the **CSV file**, or you can load them too!

Commit message:

Added preliminary support for MMC3 games

README.md, after:

# MenuBuilder_SupGameBox

## *Caution: This app is not refined yet! Some of the instructions might be unclear!*

## Custom menu builder for Sup Game Box 400-in-1. Requires actual ROM image!

To successfully build the menu, you need to get some knowledge on how the unit works etc: [article](https://nyh-workshop.github.io/Custom-ROM-Sup-Game-Box-400in1/).

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5a8df030-2f2d-4d86-8eb2-b139600e546e)

## New feature: Partial support for Mapper 4 (MMC3) with CHR+PRG 128KiB+128KiB!
## Note - this functionality is still very janky and more effort needed to refine it!

### You also need these:
- [CC65](https://cc65.github.io/) installed and path set.
- Getting this [template menu](https://github.com/nyh-workshop/CustomMenu_Sup400in1).
- (For Manual Entry only!) The [OneBusCalc](https://github.com/nyh-workshop/OneBusCalc) to calculate the OneBus registers for the system to jump to the appropriate address.
- and finally, this app.

### Directions for Automatic Entry (currently only Mapper 0 games supported, partial support for Mapper 4 (MMC3) games):
- Run this menu builder app. Supply the template menu folder link into the "Build Folder".
- Add NES games (**only Mapper 0 games and Mapper 4 games (128KiB + 128KiB) supported now on automatic entry!**) inside by pressing **Add Item**. You can move items up and down in the list!
- Just click on **"Auto Populate OneBus"** to automatically calculate the CHR, PRG addresses and the OneBus registers! No need to do other things!
- Finally, press "Compile". When it is successful, go to the cmd and run "make". The make will compile the menu, and combine the apps into the main binary.
- Run this output_final.bin with an emulator such as EmuVT 1.36.
- You can save the games list into the **CSV file**, or you can load them too!

### Directions For Manual Entry:
- Run this menu builder app. Supply the template menu folder link into the "Build Folder".
- Add NES games (**only Mapper 0 and MMC3 games supported now!**) inside by pressing **Add Item**. You can move items up and down in the list! 
- With your OneBusCalc, determine the start PRG and CHR addresses. Make sure it is from **0x90000 onwards** because 0x80000-0x8FFFF is the custom menu code!
- Also, with the OneBusCalc, adjust the values of these "PRG and CHR Registers" accordingly. Once you are satisfied with it, click on "Generate Code".
- From the OneBusCalc, after "Generate Code", copy and paste the bottom output **without the square brackets** into the Menu Builder's "Config OneBus" entry box.
- Finally, press "Compile". When it is successful, go to the cmd and run "make". The make will compile the menu, and combine the apps into the main binary.
- Run this output_final.bin with an emulator such as EmuVT 1.36.
- You can save the games list into the **CSV file**, or you can load them too!

### Extra Notes:
- Mapper 0 games are on the bottom half of the custom ROM, and Mapper 4 games are on the upper half of the custom ROM - this design is based of [another Git which disassembles Sup handheld software.](https://github.com/Wassermann1/sup400).
